[Music]
great anchor is about on the relatively
well watered grassy plains they are
among the most socially of all
Australian marsupials but living in
groups can lead to problems in getting
on together last season's Jerry's are
fast approaching independence which
means that their mothers will soon be
ready to mate again
males use a sense of smell to find out
if a female is sexually available and
will quarter for several days having
found one and seems to be promising a
male stays close to her side to try and
ensure that he and no other male mates
with her the most dominant male is
likely to be the one to father most of
the next generation and that is
something worth fighting for
[Applause]
[Music]
Joey is also fight but it's just play
boxing a way of learning skills that
will be important in late in life but
it's not always a fair fight but
fortunately this little one still has
mother to see off the neighborhood bully
you